April 23
Basic game mechanics

April 24
Collision boxes work

April 25
death mechanics

NOTE CURRENTLY NOT USING Personal, Prey, Predator Classes
not sure when they will be integrated... they make it confusing. I don't want to duplicate code...

May 5th

Need to add food

also note: users are not sending out the amount of knights that they have which leads to leaderboard problems

also, it might be good to have a cheat where I can kill the other player...
something like send an attack to all animals...

attacks should draw knights...



Slight collision detection error I think....



TODO:

efficient collision checking

Predator and prey npcs

Animals need to satisfy hunger too

IF mouse Animal collision show animal full stats



if you use it in browser on a phone, it will be annoying
later try to make it better: ie make reload harder, no scrolling etc
https://web.archive.org/web/20151103001838/http://www.luster.io/blog/9-29-14-mobile-web-checklist.html



Sunday TODO list

Kill your own animals optional (I DUNNO ABOUT THIS ANYMORE...)
kill other animals then get reward should be added (NEEDS TO BE FIXED...)
check food collisions
need health
check mouse animal collisions and show stats (only mouse pressed so Maybe different)

Monday:
improve stuff
ask around for ideas

Also note the predators are a little bit broken
A little bit fixed

rotate animals to correct direction (add rotation tracker, adjust when ever xvel sign is out of sync)
WORKS

Gain health and get boosted if you kill a predator
WORKS

if multiple logins and logouts it sometimes messes up user.th
example: login 2 people. then logout the one with user.th=0; then login another guy
I'm pretty sure that you now have 2 people with th=1;
WORKS

check inside collisions
were broken
FIXED

random population boom for animals (why? / needs to stop...)
I THINK I FIXED THIS

make the circles kill animals if they go in the wrong one
WORKS

wrap health bars...
WORKS

separate login page
WORKS

encrypt password
WHY is this needed?

accelerometer
WORKS

NOTE the Gambler's ruin is needed

Future TODO:

if cheating add extra controls like stormlight massive boost, health and damage boosts

Do NOT allow animals to overlap or spawn on stop of other stuff

statistics (hunger, resistance) need breeding

Better gametree collision detection (faster quadtree)

Boundary is a bit off I think... (why, needed calibrations?)

Buy upgrades 
